[Autogenerated] all right.
Here we are in visual studio code,
and the set up for this process is in the directory six
dash AWS dash tools cache set up.
Let's go ahead and expand that out and see what we've got going on in there.
We've got to commands dot txt a main dot t f that has our full configuration in
there and then a ______ form dot t f bars that has some values for the
variables that we're going to use in our configuration.
Let's start by looking in the commands Txt.
All right, so we are going to be creating a code commit repository,
a CodeBuild project and a code pipeline that uses that code
commit repository and the CodeBuild project.
We're not actually adding the code to code commit as part of this configuration,
so we're going to do that separately.
Also,
we are using the state bucket and dynamodb table that
we created in the previous model.
So if you skip that model for some reason,
you're gonna have to go back into the directory five remote
state set up and just run through that process to get that
bucket and dynamodb table created.
Then you can rename the Terra Form TF bars that example,
file to terra form TF bars and update the values in there.
Let's take a look at what those values are.
There's four values that are stored in terra form TF bars.
One is the region.
The next one is the state bucket, where we'll be storing our remote state.
So this is already created S3 bucket.
And then there's the Dynamo DB table that will use for state
locking that was also created in the previous module.
And then finally the code commit user.
This is the user who is allowed to commit to the code
commit repository that we're creating,
and we're allowing Elsie Vazquez to make commits to that repository.
So that should all make sense.
If you have a different user,
just swap out the user instead of Elsie Vazquez to whatever user you're
going to use to make those commits to code commit.
Those are the values we're gonna be using for our ______ form configuration.
Now let's take a look at the configuration itself will open up main .NET TF.
I'm not gonna go through this whole thing because it's about
600 lines of code that would take a while.
And it's not necessarily that interesting or German to what we're deploying.
I think the graphic from the presentation outlines what we're
actually creating rather than going through all of this.
But if you'd like to,
you can parse through this entire configuration to see
what's actually going on in here.
But like I said, if we scroll all the way down to the bottom yeah,
we're in about 564 lines of code.
That would just take entirely too long for this presentation.
But I do recommend, you know,
going through it to understand how all these resources
are being created through terra form.
The important thing is that the end,
we get the code commit u R l and we're going to use
that to clone the repository locally, add some files to it,
and then push those files back up to the remote repository on code commits
that we can actually kick off this entire build process.
Let's go back to the commands .NET y-axis T.
And this is the standard terra form workflow.
We're going to run terra form in it in this directory.
All right, there we do get are plug ins and our provider all set up.
All right, now we'll run Terra form plan.
Here we do.
Go ahead and run that and this is going to create
roughly 10 resources within a W s.
That will be part of this configuration.
There we do.
It was 10 resources I remembered correctly and lastly,
will run Terra Forum apply.
Go ahead and copy that and paste it into here.
There we go.
And this will create relatively quickly because it's not spinning up any
RDS instances or easy to instances or anything like that.
It's all just software and code that it's spinning up.
So it usually only takes I don't know, too.
It's already done, so it doesn't take very long to create all of this.
All right, so it did complete successfully,
and now we have our code commit U R L that we're going to use to clone the code,
commit repository locally.
Now, if we look at what's in the commands dot txt,
go ahead and hide the terminal for a second.
We can see the at the next step here is to make a note of that code
commit U R l and we're gonna get some get credentials from the
console and then clone this repo locally, so that is the next step in this process.